1.What are the benefits of using CSS?
Ans. CSS(Cascading Style Sheets) gives the look of a web page.By using CSS,we can decorate the text, the spacing between paragraphs.
     The style elements like layouts,color,fonts etc.In CSS, we can write elements once and use it multiple times.

2.What are the disadvantages of CSS?
Ans. There are different CSS which creates confusion anong web browsers and Lack of security which doesn't have the built in security that protect it from overrite.
     It has differences in layout display.

3.What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
Ans. CSS2 comprises of a single document whereas CSS3 is split into various documents called Modules.CSS3 version supports more browsers than CSS2.
     In CSS2 there is no backward compatibility where CSS3 has backward compatibility.
     CSS2 doesn't support border box property where CSS3 supports border box property.

4.Name a few CSS style components?
Ans. Selector  : class name, id name or element name are the selectors.
     Property : It is like attribute some attributes are border, color, background, position etc.
     Value     : value that will be assigned to attribute.
                For eg: color:black;
                color is attribute and black is value

5.What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Ans. In CSS opacity is the property of an element that describes the transparency of an element.

6.How can the background color of an element be changed?
Ans. The background color of an element firstly go to that class where we have to change the background color of an element then change the color by background property.
   
7.How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
Ans. Image repetition of the backup be controlled by using the background-repeat property in this write no repeat. 

8.What is the use of the background-position property?
Ans. The background-position property is used to set the initial position for the background image and this property allow us to move background image within its container.

9.Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
Ans. background-attachment property controls the image scroll in the background.

10.Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
Ans. Separate properties are used because background property specifies the color in the whole container whereas the color property specify the color of an element.

11.How to center block elements using CSS1?
Ans. The block-level elements have the default width of 100% of the webpage,so to center the block element we have to use the margin-left and margin-right and set value as auto.

12.How to maintain the CSS specifications?
Ans. 

13.What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
Ans. There are 3 ways to integrate CSS as a web page:-
     1. Inline CSS - this is use inside the html elements. 
     2. Internal CSS - this is used in the <head> section.  
     3. External CSS - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

14.What is embedded style sheets?
Ans. Embedded style sheets allow you to define styles to all HTML document in one place.

15.What are the external style sheets?
Ans. The external style sheets are the sheets which we have to create a css file and it should be called in the html file by <link> tag.

16.What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
Ans. Advantage :-
     1. Using external style sheet, the styles of multiple documents can be controlled from one file.
     2. Same class can be created to call in the multiple HTML documents.

     Disadvantages :- 
     1.With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with another.
     2.Until the external style sheet is loaded, it may not be possible to render the document.

17.What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
Ans. CSS selectors are used to select HTML elments which you want to style. 

18.What are the media types allowed by CSS?
Ans. Media types allowed by CSS are :-
     1.All :- It is used for all media type devices.
     2.Print :- It is used for printers.
     3.Screen :- It is used for computer screens, tablets, smart-phones etc.
     4.Speech :- It is used for screenreaders that "reads" the page out loud

19.What is the rule set?
Ans. A rule set consists of selectors and declarations.   