1.What is React Js?
Ans.React.js is a free and open-source JavaScript library which is created and maintain by Facebook. It is a tool for building UI components.

2.What is NPM in React Js?
Ans.In React Js NPM stands for Node Package Installer and it is installed with Node.js and it is free to use. It is the World's largest Software 
    Library and it is also a software Package Manager and Installer. 

3.What is Role of Node Js in react Js?
Ans.It uses Node.js to compile and optimize the JavaScript code and easy to create UI Test cases.

4.What is CLI command In React Js?
Ans.CLI stands for Command Line Interface.A command line interface tool that seeks to automate some tasks when working on a React.js project.

5.What is Components in React Js?
Ans.A Component is considered as the core building blocks of a React application. It makes the task of building UIs much easier.
    Types of components
    1.Class Component
    2.Function Component

6.What is Header and Content Components in React Js?
Ans.In React Js, the Header component is used to create the header of the page which is shown on the top and the Content component is used to 
    create content which is displayed between the header and footer. 

7.How to install React Js on Windows, Linux Operating System? How to install NPM and How to check version of NPM?
Ans.Installing of React Js on Windows:

    Step1:Install Node.js 14.18.1 LTS version installer for windows from the official website.
    Step2:Open command prompt  to check whether it is completely installed or not type the command: node -v
          If the installation went well it will give you the version you have installed.
    Step3:Now in the terminal run the command: npm install -g create-react-app 
          It will globally install react app. To check everything  went well run the command: create-react-app --version
          If everything went well it will give you the installed version of react app.  
    Step4:Now Create a new folder where you want to make your react app using the command: npx create-react-app Foldername    
    Step5:If the folder created then we have to go inside that folder by writing the command: cd Foldername
    Step6:And to run that file write the command: npm start
          It will open the output in the browser.

    Installing of React Js on Linux:
    First, we need to install NPM, which is a dependency management tool containing all libraries. You can download any software package without login:
    
    Step1:To install npm, open up the terminal and type the following command: $ sudo apt install npm
    Step2:To verify if the installation is completed successfully, check the npm version through the command: $ npm --version
    Step3:The npm will also install the node library along. To confirm its version, type: $ node --version
    Step4:Run the following npm command to install the create-react-app utility: $ sudo npm -g install create-react-app
    Step5:Check if the version is updated using the command: $ create-react-app --version
    Step6:Run the command to create an application: $ create-react-app Foldername 
    Step7:After getting all packages, change the directory using: $ cd Foldername
    Step8:Now, to run react application named Foldername, type command: $ npm start
          And your browser will open-up and shows you that the app is running with local host-3000.

    To check the version of NPM write command: npm -v or npm --version

8.How to check version of React Js?
Ans. To check version of React Js, type command: npm view react version

9.How to change in components of React Js?
Ans.We can use useState().
